A-An attack from behind at point-blank range?
It came so suddenly... and out of nowhere!
There wasn't a soul there until just now!
I get it.
So he was blending in with Karasuma-sensei?
The only one to use Self-Defense Force camo.
and he waited for his prey at the perfect sniping point!
Gotcha!
B Maehara Hiroto Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
That's why I was so tense— because he always pulls stunts like that.
Anyway, now it's one-on-one.
Let's finish this, Nagisa-kun.
tonikaku mou chotto matte tonikaku mou chotto matte
"Wait, just hang on a sec!"
sakebi mo munashiku kiete sakebi mo munashiku kiete
I scream, but it gets me nowhere
boku wa tadatada semaru limit
I put all my strength into being afraid
zenryoku obietetan da zenryoku obietetan da
Of the limits that just keep on closing in
genjitsu to wa youshanakute genjitsu to wa youshanakute
Reality is merciless Reality is merciless
toku ni jikan wa yabai ne toku ni jikan wa yabai ne
And time is especially tricky
sorenashi ja nemurenai blanket ubawareteku no ni niteru
It's like someone's snatching away my security blanket
taai mo nai imi mo wakannai taai mo nai imi mo wakannai
We laughed and fretted We laughed and fretted
koto de warattari nayandari koto de warattari nayandari
Over silly things, nonsensical things
saigo no chaimu narihibikeba
Once the final bell rings out tanoshii toki mo owaru
tanoshii toki mo owaru The fun times will be over, too
The fun times will be over, too Assassination
Classroom
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no manabi wo kaban ni tsumekonde
365 days' worth of lessons shoved into bags
itsumo mitai ni mata ashita teki ni
Like always, as though we'll see each other tomorrow
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no dekigoto
365 days' worth of happenings
boku wo otona ni shita nara namida nante mise mo shinaide
If you've taught me how to be an adult, don't be showing me tears
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no omoide
365 days' worth of memories 365 days' worth of memories
64 Days Till Deadline to Assassinate Korosensei
motto otona ni nattemo motto otona ni nattemo
Even if I grow up some more Even if I grow up some more
sukoshi mo iroasenai sa sukoshi mo iroasenai sa
They won't fade one bit from my mind
18th Period Sugaya Sousuke Outcome Time
So now it's down to Nagisa and Karma.
Pretty gutsy of Nagisa to hide behind Karasuma like that.
The referee is the one with the least presence in the players' eyes.
Nagisa-kun zeroed in on that, blended in with the referee—
and waited until the moment when he could score the most kills.
He has the instincts of a natural-born killer!
And what about Karma-kun?
If we compare them on the basis of regular school grades, he's got Nagisa beat on all counts.
But he must have realized by now:
when they're facing off in this assassination classroom,
Karma-kun's greatest foe is Nagisa-kun.
He's moved already?
Nagisa-kun! Put down the gun and come on out!
We'll settle it with these!
Nagisa, you dummy! Shoot him! He's walking straight at you, wide open!
I... don't think he'll shoot.
Huh?
That Karma-kun...
He sure plays dirty.
If I ignore the challenge and shoot him with no provocation,
the red team won't accept that we won fair and square.
And he knows it, too.
If I want everyone to be in agreement on saving Korosensei,
I have no choice but to take him on in close combat—his specialty.
Nagisa!
They're going mano a mano?! No way!
Nagisa wants Karma-kun, more than anyone else, to understand his desire to save Korosensei.
Let's watch from closer in!
It's like... I still don't want to kill him,
but when you face a strong opponent with equally strong determination of your own...
It's incredible. I can still feel the sense of accomplishment from killing Rinka.
Will I feel like this after we kill Korosensei, too?
Here come the wavering opinions.
Guess we change our tune once the camo stops working, eh?
Some of us showed strength we didn't expect,
like you, Kayano, Mimura, and Kanzaki.
Some of us went ballistic like we thought they would,
some got all fired up to do better next time,
and one irresponsible-lookin' type turned out to be crazy serious.
Hush, you.
The guy we thought was just a little runt turned out to be a genius assassin,
and a guy we thought was a genius was secretly workin' hard all along.
Whichever of 'em wins is fine by me.
With all these different skill sets...
we just might be able to handle any challenge that comes our way.
Ever since first year...
To put it simply, I looked up to Karma-kun.
Hey, Sensei, what's this here?
Oh, Akabane!
Working on second-year material already?
He did what he wanted and was completely unafraid.
And yet, he had the smarts and could do anything.
Okay, that's all I was wondering about. I've got the rest.
Hey, Akabane!
I'm feeling kinda thirsty, so I'm heading off early.
"If only I could be like that..."
That's how I felt, in my ordinariness.
Whoa, no way!
Nazzoni directed Sonic Ninja? How cool is that?
Ooh, and it opens today?
Let's go, Shiota-kun!
Uh, yeah!
So I was happy when he talked to me and we started to hang out.
That was halfway through our first year.
But we couldn't stay friends for long.
You Karma? You got nerve, beatin' up a guy's pal like that!
Huh? Dunno what you're talking about. He's the one who messed with me.
Bullshit! He told me that—
Can't hear you! What was that? Say it again!
Come on!
He could stand where he did because he had the strength to win in studying and fighting alike.
His was a stage I could never hope to take.
He must have gotten bored, sharing mine with me.
By the time he had gotten suspended,
we'd gone back to being plain old classmates.
He was a harmless little mouse,
making him one of the few people a combative guy like me didn't have to be careful around.
But looking back, I put that distance between us
because there was already a part of him back then that made me uneasy.
Huh? Where'd he go?
Nagisa-kun!
I could let my guard down around him...
I'm right here, Karma-kun. Didn't you see me?
...but something kept me on alert.
Something that felt like it could blindside me one day.
He was so honest and good, unlike me,
Sorry 'bout that, Nagisa! You're just so small!
Ugh.
that my anxiety had to be all in my head.
Still, he had this mysterious... something
that I wanted to drag out of him and crush.
Something that scared me.
But it wouldn't have done anything to beat him in a fight or in test scores.
That indescribable part of him was something else altogether.
It was hard to handle, and before I knew it, we had drifted apart.
Now for the first time, in our third year, we're finally up on the same stage: assassination!
And we need to win to get our own points across!
You're going down!
Assassination Classroom Final Season Shiota Nagisa
Nagisa...
A desire to win, to conquer—
the great competitive spirit afforded the young!
You must forget all about me!
Your own answer is there before your eyes!
Kill!
Save!
Even that well-timed tackle didn't bring him down?
There is a huge power difference between them.
Yes. One knife touch is all it takes to decide the winner,
but Karma-kun's physical abilities make getting to that point no mean feat.
Now, cast your attention toward Nagisa-kun.
He has one more knife in reserve.
In preparation for a clap stunner?
But Karma-kun will have noticed, of course.
It won't be easy to use it against him.
Two assassins, their weapons and approaches worlds apart...
How will they settle this?
Stay tuned!
If I take these blows poorly, I'll be inked for sure.
Now!
Tch!
Nice! He knocked his knife away!
Now's my chance!
They both lost their weapons?
But Nagisa has another one!
I won't let you draw it.
The second you try, I'll hit you.
I'll knock you out and take my sweet time dealing the coup de grace!
That all you got?
Karma-kun's taking Nagisa-kun's attacks on purpose.
His hits have to be doing something. He's been training for a whole year!
Karma-kun is a combat assassin who values the process.
Tactics, strategies, and winning techniques all play a part.
Only after such a battle comes his assassination.
Nagisa-kun, on the other hand, is a pure assassin,
singlemindedly searching for the one strike that will lead to victory.
And Karma-kun takes it all, blow after blow.
If he wins like that, even Nagisa-kun will have to accept defeat.
An axe kick?!
Bring that to a fight and the other guy doesn't stand a chance!
I'll probably never find another place like this again,
where your feelings can be right out in the open.
But I will kill him...
because I believe it's the right thing to do.
What, now?!
That's the last of his strength!
He bit his tongue to keep himself on his feet!
Just you try killing me, Nagisa-kun...
with that talent I never had!
I'll break it all right over my knee...
and win!
All that bloodlust, condensed into that knife!
If I can just dodge that, I win!
Huh?
N-No bloodlust?!
An arm-triangle choke?!
That arm pressing on his carotid will make him pass out!
It's an even more perfect position than his earlier triangle choke!
I will make you accept my plan!
How is he pinning Karma down so awesomely?!
Nagisa-kun gave up his prime assassination technique as a decoy
and chose to finish the battle using martial arts.
All so he could end things using Karma-kun's specialty, not his.
Now he's trying to beat me on terms I'll accept.
Uh-oh.
At this rate...
I'm gonna lose!
A knife!
That close?
Me, fight?
I think I'd be too scared to ever do that.
I mean, I guess if my life depended on it...
Uncle. I give.
I lost, Nagisa.
Hey! Listen!
That's enough!
With the red team's surrender,
victory goes to blue—the "don't kill" team!
Yes!
Aw... Well, you won, Nagisa.
I won? I... beat Karma-kun?
Like anyone would approve of me using a knife
to beat a barehanded mouse who'd shown as much guts as you did.
I couldn't stab you, and I couldn't get away.
I was backed into a corner, and all I could do was surrender.
You beat me with martial arts, not with a knife.
Never would've thought that'd end up being the best way to kill me.
I got slaughtered.
You want to save Korosensei? Just tell me what to do.
Really? Are you sure?
Don't give me that dumb look with that beat-up face of yours.
You look like a plague rat.
Th-Those insults sure do roll right off your tongue, Karma-kun.
Look...
Why don't we drop the honorifics already?
I don't much feel like sticking with them after that fight.
What, now?
It feels weird to change this late in the game.
You don't have to, but I will. Okay, Nagisa?
All right,
Karma.
When a big decision looms, people reveal their true feelings—
and in some cases, fight in earnest.
But take a look at these students.
It's precisely because they all fought in earnest
that they can understand what they normally don't show one another.
Your attacks were awfully weak, Karma.
Ow ow ow!
You know I was pulling my punches!
Sometimes the heat of conflict is the best place to forge the bonds of friendship.
Even discord and conflict are part of education to you, huh?
I'm sure you all have your own thoughts on this.
I have no objection to the course this class has decided through battle.
You may search for a way to save him, but one condition remains:
you have until the end of the month.
Though you may have called a moratorium on your own assassination,
there are plenty of other efforts underway to take this guy down.
If someone's going to kill him, it can't be anyone else.
I want it to be you.
So promise me that no matter how January turns out,
February and beyond will be spent giving your all to assassination.
Whether you save him or kill him, give it everything you have.
Yes, sir!
komorebi ga yasashiku sashikomu ookina mado no naka
As the dappled sunlight shone gently through the window
kimi to deatta ano hi wo tooku ni kanjita
The day I met you felt so far away
sukoshi zutsu narabeta omoi ga boku wo atatameru
The memories I've arranged little by little keep me warm
chiisana heya tsunagu kokoro sotto oshiete kureta
A small room, hearts connecting: you taught me gently
kono kisetsu ga mukae ni kitara kimi no sugata mou sagasu koto mo
Once this season comes for me, I won't be able
dekinaku nacchaun da ne dekinaku nacchaun da ne
To seek you out anymore, will I?
zutto wasurezu ni iru yo zutto wasurezu ni iru yo
But I'll hold your memory in my heart
mata kimi ni aeru hi made mata kimi ni aeru hi made
Until the day I can see you again
Let's step back for a second.
Are the world's leaders really only thinking about killing Korosensei?
I don't think so.
After all, their primary goal has always been to save Earth.
Along with their research into killing him,
they must be doing research into alternate methods too.
Why don't we check up on that?
Indeed, the world's top science facilities have formed project teams focused on saving the planet.
But naturally, that info is all top-secret.
It will be difficult for you to find out what they're studying.
I've gained access to the project database!
What?!
I can get into just about any PC that's online now.
I've learned so much this year!
Ritsu...
Wow! We can see what labs around the world are researching and on what schedule!
But there are no online traces of the data we're looking for.
I guess the top-secret stuff is only passed around in person.
Is anyone doing research on how to save Korosensei, then?
There! An American research team!
"Preventing destructive antimatter chain reactions
that accompany division of tentacle cells approaching senescence"!
"Final samples to be returned from the ISS on 1/25"?
The ISS? Is that...
Th-The International Space Station?!
That's where they're doing their research?
Oh! It could be!
Lots of research has to be done in zero gravity or in a vacuum.
And if there's any chance an experiment could result in a huge explosion,
there'd be less damage in outer space!
If only we could see that data...
Unfortunately, you're just one tiny, distant outpost of assassins.
Depending on the circumstances, it may never be available.
Karasuma-sensei?
No matter what happens,
we won't give up on this assassination.
But we don't want to be wishy-washy about it, either.
If there's a way to save him, we will.
And if not, we've decided to handle that, too.
Right, Nagisa?
Right. After all, it's our class's critical objective.
So I want to know for sure which it is, right now—
so we can stick with our assassination till we graduate.
Karasuma-sensei, Irina-sensei,
could you please step out for a moment?
Further discussion along these lines could potentially cause liability issues for you two.
Now, then... Here's what you're trying to do:
sneak a peek at the data before it reaches America on its way back from space.
But how... About that!
Photo: Proof-of-Concept Craft Under Development
Did you know they're about to send this baby up to the ISS?
A manned rocket?
Yes. A proof-of-concept craft being developed here in Japan.
It's supposed to carry an experimental dummy, but...
what if there were real people in it instead?
You don't mean...
Ha! Our teacher's crazy in the head, all right.
Yes! An out-of-season research project for our assassination classroom:
hijack the space station and steal their experiment data!
N-No way.
Yes, way! All the way!